# RECITE Open Project PGB Meeting Minutes (draft)

## Date: 13 December 2021 - initial PGB meeting

**Initial voting members:** Hendrik Purwins (Accenture), Tsung-Hsien Wen (PolyAI)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Dee Schur (OASIS), Dieke Oele (Accenture)

## Agenda:
* Welcome, roll call & introductions 
  * Claudia introduces the function of the PGB
  
* Election of a chair 
  * Shawn motions to appoint Hendrik as the chair
  * Hendrik seconds the motion
    * Hendrik is appointed chair
    
* Meeting schedule 
  * Next meeting on 10 January, 2pm CET
  * Future schedule to be decided

* Next steps for the project, eg. press release
  * Press release will happen in early 2022
  * Discussion about a potential timeline,
    *  Hendrik shows a proposal
  * Need for a collaboration tool - likely Google Docs  
    * Claudia to discuss with Chet and to propose solution 
  * Glossary is work in progress, needs to be shared with other potential collaborators
  
* Other stakeholder that should invited to participate
  * Dee will coordinate with PGB members 
  
* Slack for the PGB and the community at large (can also be done later)
  * Slack will be set up by OASIS for asynchronous organization
  
* Any other business

