# RECITE Open Project PGB Meeting Minutes (draft)

## Date: 17 January 2022

**Present:** Hendrik Purwins (Chair), Tsung-Hsien Wen

**Guests:**  Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Dee Schur (OASIS), Dieke Oele

**Regrets:**

## Agenda:

* Welcome, roll-call
* Approval of meeting minutes
  * Meeting minutes from the previous meeting are approved
* Update on Glossary and other work
  * Hendrik shares the current draft of the Glossary, currently a Google Doc. Shawn has already reviewed the document.
      * Shawn asks how the glossary wil be connected with the future work. Hendrik: itâ€™s not a dictionary, it serves to define the work. 
      * Hendrik suggests setting a deadline to finalize the glossary: 13 February.
      * Hendrik suggests that the final document might be published in LaTeX with Overleaf
* Governance (incl. TSC) and Contributing policies
  * Hendrik shares a list ofpotential TSC members
  * Hendrik also suggest a roadmap, to be shared publicly by end of January
  * Claudia: suggests that the PGB members review GOVERNANCE.md and think about the structure for the RECITE project. 
* AOB
  * Next PGB meeting: 14 February, 14:00 CET
